fix: Disabling source code updates (#598)
unoplatform/Uno.Samples: reference/SimpleCalc/README.md

## Updating SimpleCalc Source Code

> There is shared source code for all the SimpleCalc solutions that's in the `resources` folder. To update source code, uncomment the `Import` element in the `SimpleCalculator.csproj` for the solution you want to make changes to. When the solution is built the relevant shared resources will be copied into the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a shared source code for all the SimpleCalc solutions that are in the `resources` folder. To update the source code, uncomment the `Import` element in the `SimpleCalculator.csproj` for the solution you want to make changes to. When the solution is built the relevant shared resources will be copied into the solution.
```

  <!-- Disabling source code updating - uncomment and do build to update source code from shared resources -->
  <!-- <Import Project="..\..\resources\shared-resources.targets" Condition="Exists('..\..\resources\shared-resources.targets')" /> -->

> Make changes to the shared source code in the `resources` folder and then build the solution. The shared source code will be copied into the solution.  Commit the changes to the solution and the shared source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make changes to the shared source code in the `resources` folder and then build the solution. The shared source code will be copied into the solution. Commit the changes to the solution and the shared source code.
```
